first draft of Managing Account Theft with ASM (#28505)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/application_security/guide/manage_account_theft_appsec.md

1. Go to [**Service Catalog**][2], click the **Security** lens, and search for your login service name. 

   <!-- ![][image1] -->

2. Click on the service to open its details. If the **Threat management** pill is green, ASM is enabled and you may move to [Step 1.3: Validating whether login information is automatically collected](#step-1.3:-validating-login-information-is-automatically-collected).
   
   <!-- ![][image2] -->

   If ASM isn't enabled, the panel displays the **Discover ASM** button.

   <!-- ![][image3] -->

   To set up ASM, move to [Step 1.2: Enabling ASM on login service](#step-1.2:-enabling-app-&-api-protection-on-your-login-service).

### Step 1.2: Enabling ASM on your login service

To enable ASM on your login service, ensure you meet the following requirements:

* Similarly to Datadog APM, ASM requires a library integration in your services and a running Datadog agent.  
* ASM generally benefits from using the newest library possible; however, minimum supported versions are documented in [Compatibility Requirements][3].   
* **Threat Detection** is required at a minimum, and **Automatic user activity event tracking** should also be enabled, ideally.

> To enable ASM using a new deployment, use the `APPSEC\_ENABLED` environment variable/library configuration or [Remote Configuration]. You can use either method, but Remote Configuration can be set up using the Datadog UI.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To enable ASM using a new deployment**, use the `APPSEC_ENABLED` environment variable/library configuration or [Remote Configuration]. You can use either method, but Remote Configuration can be set up using the Datadog UI.
```

> To enable ASM using Remote Configuration, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**To enable ASM using Remote Configuration** and without having to restart your services, do the following:
```

> 1. Go to [Remote Configuration][5].  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Go to [ASM's onboarding page][5].  
```

2. Click **Get Started with ASM**.   

> 3. In **Threat Management**, click **Select Services.**   

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In **Activate on services already monitored by Datadog**, click **Select Services.**   
```

4. Select your service(s), and then click **Next** and proceed with the setup instructions.

When you see traces from your service in [ASM Traces][6], move to [Step 1.3: Validating login information is automatically collected](#step-1.3:-validating-login-information-is-automatically-collected).

For more detailed instructions on using a new deployment, see [Enabling ASM Threat Detection using Datadog Tracing Libraries][7].

> ### Step 1.3: Validating login information is automatically collected {#step-1.3:-validating-login-information-is-automatically-collected}

Author: Yeah, I missed this one. The headings don't need anchors.

After you have enabled ASM, you can validate that login information is collected by Datadog.

**Note:** Once ASM is enabled on a service, wait a few minutes for users to log into the service or log into the service yourself.

To validate login information is collected, do the following:

1. Go to [Traces][8] in ASM.   

> 2. Look for traces tagged with login activity from your login service. For example, in **Search for**, you might have `@appsec.security\_activity:business\_logic.users.login.\*`.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Look for traces tagged with login activity from your login service. For example, in **Search for**, you might have `@appsec.security_activity:business_logic.users.login.*`.  
```

3. Check if all your login services are reporting login activity. You can see this in the **Service** facet.

<!-- ![][image4] -->

> **If you don't see login activity from a service**, go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-1.5:-manually-instrumenting-your-services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If you don't see login activity from a service**, go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-15-manually-instrumenting-your-services).
```

### Step 1.4: Validating login metadata is automatically collected {#step-1.4:-validating-login-metadata-is-automatically-collected}

To validate that login metadata is collected, do the following:

1. Go to [Traces][8] in ASM.   

> 2. Look for traces tagged with successful and failed login activity from your login service. For example, in **Search for**, you might have all.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Look for traces tagged with successful and failed login activity from your login service. You can update the search query in **Search for** to filter `business_logic.users.login.success` or `business_logic.users.login.failure`.  
```

3. Open a trace.  
4. In the trace details, is the **Security** tab, review **Business Logic Event**.  

> 5. Check if the event has a false user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<!-- ![][image5] -->

> In the event of a **false** user (`usr.exists:false`), look for the following issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Review a few traces, both login success and login failures. In the case of login failures, look for traces with `usr.exists` both to true (failed login attempt on an existing user) and to false.
```
Those checks have to be done whether the user exist or not

Author: I left this last sentence in because it's needed to intro the bullet points:

> In the event of a **false** user (`usr.exists:false`), look for the following issues:

> - A single event: if the trace contains multiple login events, such as both successes and failures, go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-1.5:-manually-instrumenting-your-services).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A single event: if the trace contains multiple login events, such as both successes and failures, this may be caused by incorrect auto-instrumentation. Go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-1.5:-manually-instrumenting-your-services) to replace it.  
```

> - If the event does not contain the mandatory metadata, it might appear as a user attribution section. The mandatory metadata is `usr.login` and `usr.exists` in the case of login failure, and `usr.id` in the case of login success. In this case, go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-1.5:-manually-instrumenting-your-services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Does the event does not contain the mandatory metadata? Some of it might appear as a user attribution section in case of login success. The mandatory metadata is `usr.login` and `usr.exists` in the case of login failure, `usr.login` and `usr.id` in the case of login success. In case some metadata is missing, go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-1.5:-manually-instrumenting-your-services).
```

> **If the instrumentation is correct, go to [Phase 2: Preparing for Account Takeover campaigns](#phase-2:-preparing-for-account-takeover-campaigns).**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**If the instrumentation is correct, go to [Phase 2: Preparing for Account Takeover campaigns](#phase-2-preparing-for-ato-campaigns).**
```

### Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services

ASM collects login information and metadata using an SDK embedded in the Datadog libraries. Instrumentation is performed by calling the SDK when a user login is successful/fails and by providing the SDK with the metadata of the login. The SDK attaches the login and the metadata to the trace and sends it to Datadog where it is retained.

> **For an alternative to modifying the code of the service**, go to [Step 1.6: Remote instrumentation of your services](#step-1.6:-remote-instrumentation-of-your-services).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">For an alternative to modifying the code of the service**, go to [Step 1.6: Remote instrumentation of your services](#step-16-remote-instrumentation-of-your-services).</div>
```

To manually instrument your services, do the following:

1. If auto-instrumentation is providing incorrect data (multiple events in a single trace), see [Disable auto-instrumentation][9].

>    For detailed instrumentation instructions for each language, go to [Adding business logic information (login success, login failure, any business logic) to traces][10]. 
> 2. Add the following metadata:

Reviewer: ```suggestion 
2. For detailed instrumentation instructions for each language, go to [Adding business logic information (login success, login failure, any business logic) to traces][10]. Make sure to add the following metadata:
```

>    * `usr.login`: **Mandatory for login success and failure**. This field contains the *name* used to log into the account. The name might be an email address, a phone number, a username, or something else. The purpose of this field is to identify targeted accounts even if they don't exist in your systems because a user might be able to change those accounts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `usr.login`: **Mandatory for login success and failure**. This field contains the *name* used to log into the account. The name might be an email address, a phone number, a username, or something else. The purpose of this field is to identify targeted accounts even if they don't exist in your systems because a user might be able to change those accounts. This also provide informations on where the attacker got their database from. This value shouldn't be confused with `usr.id`.```

>    * `usr.exists`: **Recommended for login failures**. This field is required for some default detections. The field helps to lower the priority of attempts targeted at accounts that don't exist in your systems.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `usr.exists`: **Mandatory for login failures**. This field is required for some default detections. The field helps to lower the priority of attempts targeted at accounts that don't exist in your systems.  
```

>    * `usr.id`: **Recommended for login success and failure (if available)**. This field contains a unique identifier for the account. User blocking is based on this value. This field also helps with investigation. If no identifier is available (because the account doesn't exist), you don't need to populate this field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * `usr.id`: **Mandatory for login success, recommended for login failures (if the user exists)**. This field contains a unique identifier for the account. User blocking is based on this value. This field also helps with investigation to extract the post-compromise activity. If no identifier is available (because the account doesn't exist), you don't need to populate this field.
```

**After deploying the code, validate the instrumentation is correct by following the steps in** [Step 1.4: Validating login metadata is automatically collected](#step-1.4:-validating-login-metadata-is-automatically-collected).

### Step 1.6: Remote instrumentation of your services

ASM can use custom In-App WAF rules to flag login attempts and extract the metadata from the request needed by detection rules.

> This approach requires that [Remote Configuration][11] is enabled and working. Verify Remote Configuration is running in [Remote Configuration][12].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This approach requires that [Remote Configuration][11] is enabled and working. Verify Remote Configuration is running for this service in [Remote Configuration][12].
```

   <!-- ![][image7] -->
4. Select your service and write the rule to match the login attempts. Typically, you match the method (`POST`), the URI with a regex (`^/login`) and the status code (403 for failures, 302 or 200 for success).  
5. Collect the tags required by detection rules. The most important tag is `usr.login`. Assuming the login was provided in the request, you can add a condition and set `store value as tag` as the operator.
   <!-- ![][image8] -->
6. Select a specific user parameter as an input, either in the body or the query.   
7. Set the `Tag` field to the name of the tag where we want to save the value captured using `usr.login`.
   <!-- ![][image9] -->
8. Click **Save**. The rule is automatically sent to every instance of the service and will start capturing login failures. 

**To validate that the instrumentation is correct**, see [Step 1.4: Validating login metadata is automatically collected](#step-1.4:-validating-login-metadata-is-automatically-collected).

For more details, see [Tracking business logic information without modifying the code][13].

## Phase 2: Preparing for ATO campaigns

> After setting up instrumentation for your services, ASM monitord for attack campaigns. You can review the monitoring in the [Attacks overview][14] **Business logic** section. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After setting up instrumentation for your services, ASM monitors for attack campaigns. You can review the traffic in the [Attacks overview][14] **Business logic** section.
```

<!-- ![][image10] -->

ASM detects [multiple attacker strategies][15]. Upon detecting an attack with a high level of confidence, the [built-in detection rules][16] generate a signal. 

The severity of the signal is set based on the urgency of the threat: from **Low** in case of unsuccessful attacks to **Critical** in case of successful account compromises.

> To fully leverage detections, take the following actions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following actions will help you to fully leverage detections and to become aware them quicker.
```

### Step 2.1: Configuring notifications

> [Notifications][17] provide warnings when a signal is triggered. 
> 
> To create a notification rule using the [Create a new rule][18] setting, do the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Notifications][17] provide a warning on your preferred channel when a signal is triggered. To create a notification rule, do the following:
```

1. Open [Create a new rule][18].  
2. Enter a name for the rule.

> 3. Select **Signal** and remove all entries except **ASM**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Select **Signal** and remove all entries except **Application Security**.
```

> 4. Restrict the rule to `category:account_takeover.`  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Restrict the rule to `category:account_takeover`, and expand the severities to include `Medium`.  
```

5. Add notification recipients (Slack, Teams, PagerDuty).
   To learn more, see [Notification channels][19].  

> 6. Save the rule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Test, then save the rule.
```

   <!-- ![][image11] -->
   The notification is sent the next time a signal is generated.

### Step 2.2: Validate proper data propagation

> In microservice environments, services are generally reached by internal hosts running other services. This internal environment makes it challenging to identify the unique traits of the attacker, such as IP, user agent, fingerprint, etc., and validate the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In microservice environments, services are generally reached by internal hosts running other services. This internal environment makes it challenging to identify the unique traits of the original attacker's request, such as IP, user agent, fingerprint, etc.
```

[ASM Traces][20] can help to validate the data by exposing the source IPs and user agent traffic.

To validate the data, do the following:

1. Review login traces in the [Traces][21] and check for the following:  
* Source IPs (`@http.client_ip`) are varied and public IPs.  

>   * **Problem:** If login attempts are coming from a few IPs only, this might be  a proxy that you can't block without risking availability.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * **Problem:** If login attempts are coming from a few IPs only, this might be a proxy that you can't block without risking availability. You may use the Top List feature and a group by such as `@http.client_ip_details.as.domain` to review how diverse are the IPs.  
```

  * **Solution:** Forward the client IP of the initial request through a HTTP header, such as `X-Forwarded-For`. You can use a custom header for [better security][22] and configure the tracer to read it using the `DD_TRACE_CLIENT_IP_HEADER` environment variable.  
* The user agent (`@http.user_agent`) is consistent with the expected traffic (web browser, mobile app, etc.)  
  * **Problem:** The user agent could be replaced by the user agent in the calling microservice network library.  
  * **Solution:** Use the client user agent when calling subsequent services.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Multiple headers are populated (in the `See more details` menu of the `Request` block, in the trace
  * **Problem:** Normal request headers (`accept-encoding` for instance) aren't forwarded to the instrumented service. This impair the generation of fingerprints (`@appsec.fingerprint.*`) and degrade the signals ability to isolate an attacker activity  
  * **Solution:** Forward those headers when calling a further micro-service.

```

### Step 2.3: Configure automatic blocking

> **Before you begin:** Verify that the IP addresses are properly configured, as described in [Step 2.2: Validate proper data propagation](#step-2.2:-validate-proper-data-propagation).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-info">Before you begin: Verify that the IP addresses are properly configured, as described in [Step 2.2: Validate proper data propagation](#step-22-validate-proper-data-propagation).</div>
```

> ASM automatic blocking can be used to block attacks at any time of the day. Automatic blocking can help block attacks before your team members are online, providing security during off hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ASM automatic blocking can be used to block attacks at any time of the day. Automatic blocking can help block attacks before your team members are online, providing security during off hours. Within the context of an ATO, it can help mitigate load issues caused by the increase in failed login attempts or prevent compromised accounts from being used by the attacker.
```

You can configure automatic blocking to block IPs identified as part of an attack. This is only a partial remediation because attackers can change IPs; however, it can give you more time to implement comprehensive remediation.

To configure automatic blocking, do the following:

1. Go to **ASM** > **Protection** > [Detection Rules][23].  
2. In **Search**, enter `tag:"category:account_takeover"`.   
3. Open the rules where you want to turn on blocking. Datadog recommends turning IP blocking on for **High** or **Critical** severity.  

> 4. In the rule, in **Define Conditions**, in **Security Responses**, enable **IP automated blocking**.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. In the rule, in **Define Conditions**, in **Security Responses**, enable **IP automated blocking**. You may also enable **User automated blocking**.  
```

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Credential Stuffing" %}}

This signal flagged a lot of activity coming from a few IPs and is closely related to its distributed variant. You might need to use the distributed credential stuffing method.

Start by extracting a list of suspicious IPs from the signal side panel

<!-- screenshot -->

From the list of IPs, you can craft a [Traces][25] query to review all the activity from suspected IPs. Follow this template:

`@appsec.security_activity:business_logic.users.login.* @http.client_ip:(<IPs>)`

Successful logins should be considered suspicious.

{{% /tab %}}

{{% tab "Distributed Credential Stuffing" %}}

This signal flagged a large increase in login failures in one service. If the attack is large enough, this signal might trigger both Bruteforce or Credential Stuffing signals. The signal is also able to detect diffuse attacks.

In the diffuse attacks case, attacker attributes are available in the signal.

<!-- screenshot -->

1. Click **Investigate in full screen**.   
2. In **Attacker Attributes**, select the cluster and click, then, in **Traces**, click **View in ASM Protection Trace Explorer**.

> This gets you to the trace explorer with filters set to the flagged attributes. You can start the investigation with the current query, but you should expand it to also match login successes on top of the failures. Review the exhaustiveness/accuracy of the filter using the technique described above (in the paragraph before the table).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This gets you to the trace explorer with filters set to the flagged attributes. You can start the investigation with the current query, but you should expand it to also match login successes on top of the failures. You can do that by replacing `@appsec.security_activity:business_logic.users.login.failure` by `@appsec.security_activity:business_logic.users.login.*`. Review the exhaustiveness/accuracy of the filter using [the technique described above](#isolate-attacker-activity).
```

<!-- sceenshot -->

> In the case those attributes are inaccurate/incomplete, you may try to identify further traits to isolate the attacker activity. The most useful traits are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the case those attributes are inaccurate or incomplete, you may try to identify further traits to isolate the attacker activity. The most useful traits are:
```

1. User agent: `@http.user_agent`  
2. ASN: `@http.client_ip_details.as.domain`  
3. Threat intelligence: `@threat_intel.results.category`  
4. URL: `@http.url`  

> 5. Fingerprint, when available: `@appsec.fingerpring.*`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Fingerprint, when available: `@appsec.fingerprint.*`
```

<!-- sceenshot -->

You may use Top List or Timeseries to identify the traits whose distribution most closely matches the attack.

You may need multiple sets of filters, each possibly including multiple traits. Behind the scenes, the attacker may be using multiple randomized templates. This work identifies the constants in those templates.

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

#### Review login successes and failures

Reviewing login successes and failures helps to identify the following:

* What the attackers are after so that you can block them.  
* What the attackers are doing so that you can catch them, even if they change their scripts.   

> * How successful the attackers are so that you can take back the accounts where they took control and see how much time you have to react.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* How successful the attackers are so that you can take back the accounts they took control of and see how much time you have to react.
```

* Blocking attacker traffic may inadvertently block legitimate traffic. Implement mechanisms to unblock legitimate traffic, either adapt the Datadog response or ensure it is unblocked post attack.

### Step 3.6: Cleanup

After a few days with no significant attacker activity, you might consider the attack over and move to a cleanup phase. 

The goals of the cleanup phase are the following:

- Disable any mitigations that were added.  
- Ensure no legitimate traffic is blocked.  
- Identify opportunities to harden services against future attacks.  
- Identify the source of the data the attacker used against users.

#### Disabling mitigations

User blocking should be based on the timer you set when you selected **Block All Attacking IPs** in the signal. This user blocking configuration doesn't require any further action.

If you configured permanent blocking, unblock users and IPs from the Denylist by doing the following: 

1. Open the [Denylist][27].  
2. Click **Blocked IPs** or **Blocked users**.  
3. In the entity list, locate the IP or user, and then click **Unblock**.

<!-- <insert up to date screenshot\> -->

> Disable or delete any custom In-App WAF rule(s). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Disable or delete any custom In-App WAF rule(s)
```

> To disable or delete In-App WAF rule(s), in [custom In-App WAF rules][28], disable the rules by clicking on **Monitoring** or **Blocking**, and selecting **Disable Rule**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To disable or delete In-App WAF rule(s), go to the [custom In-App WAF rules page][28] and disable the rules by clicking on **Monitoring** or **Blocking**, and selecting **Disable Rule**. 
```

<!-- ![][image35] -->

#### Validate no legitimate traffic is blocked

To validate that no legitimate traffic is blocked, the volume of traffic should match that of the attack closely, with virtually no blocked traces outside the main waves.

To validate that no legitimate traffic is blocked, do the following:

1. Go to [Traces][25] and search for blocked traces with the search `@appsec.blocked:true`.   
2. If you see significant traffic blocked on an ongoing basis, the traffic is likely legitimate users.
   1. Disable the incorrect blocking rule to avoid blocking further users. 
   2. Prioritize unblocking that traffic from the [Denylist][27].

#### Hardening your services

Large ATO campaigns are rarely an isolated occurrence. You might want to leverage the time between attacks to harden your services and establish configurations you can leverage during subsequent attacks.

Here are some common hardening examples:

* **Rate limit login attempt per IP/user/network range/user agent:** This soft-blocking feature lets you aggressively curtail the scale of the attack in some circumstances with minimal impact on normal users, even if they happen to share traits with the attacker  

> * **Adding friction at login:** To break attackers' automation without significantly impacting users, use captchas or modifying the login flow during an attack (for example, require that a token is fetched from a new endpoint).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Adding friction at login:** To break attackers' automation without significantly impacting users, use captchas or modifying the login flow during an attack (for example, require that a token is fetched from a new endpoint).
* **Enforce multi-factor authentication:** We found multi factor authentication to be extremely effective in stopping account compromise. You could require your most privileged users to use MFA, especially during attacks. 
```

- Hints about the source of the targeted accounts, which you can use for proactive password resets or higher scrutiny.
- Data on the attacker infrastructure, which you can use to catch future attempts or other malicious activity (credit card stuffing, abuse, etc.).

The first step is to isolate the attacker activity from the overall traffic of the application. 

#### Isolate attacker activity

While isolating attacker activity, ensure that your current filters are exhaustive through two tests:  
 

1. Go to [Traces][25], and then *exclude* traces based on the filters you identify. The goal is to have the remaining traffic volume similar to your normal traffic volume. If you're still seeing a spike of logins during the attack, it means further filters are necessary to comprehensively isolate the attack.
2. Look at the traffic matching your filters over an expanded time frame (for example, if the attack lasted an hour, use one day). Any traffic matched before or after the attack is likely be a false positive.

Next, start by isolating the attack's activity.

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Bruteforce" %}}

Extract the list of targeted users by going to [Signals][1].

<!-- screenshot -->

> From this list of users, you can craft a [Traces][25] query to review all the activity from targeted users. Follow this template: 
> 
> `@appsec.security_activity:business_logic.users.login.* @appsec.events_data.usr.login:(<users>)` 
> 
> Successful logins should be considered suspicious.
> 
> [1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security?query=%40workflow.rule.type%3A"Application%20Security"%20category%3Aaccount_takeover&product=appsec

Author: ```suggestion
From this list of users, you can craft a [Traces][2] query to review all the activity from targeted users. Follow this template: 

`@appsec.security_activity:business_logic.users.login.* @appsec.events_data.usr.login:(<users>)` 

Successful logins should be considered suspicious.

[1]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security?query=%40workflow.rule.type%3A"Application%20Security"%20category%3Aaccount_takeover&product=appsec
[2]: https://app.datadoghq.com/security/appsec/traces
```

In the event of a **false** user (`usr.exists:false`), look for the following issues:

> - A single event: if the trace contains multiple login events, such as both successes and failures, this might be caused by incorrect auto-instrumentation. To change auto-instrumentation, go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-1.5:-manually-instrumenting-your-services).  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- A single event: if the trace contains multiple login events, such as both successes and failures, this might be caused by incorrect auto-instrumentation. To change auto-instrumentation, go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-15-manually-instrumenting-your-services).  
```

> - Does the event contain the mandatory metadata? It might appear as a user attribution section in the case of a login success. The mandatory metadata is `usr.login` and `usr.exists` in the case of login failure, and `usr.login` and `usr.id` in the case of login success. If some metadata is missing, go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-1.5:-manually-instrumenting-your-services).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Does the event contain the mandatory metadata? It might appear as a user attribution section in the case of a login success. The mandatory metadata is `usr.login` and `usr.exists` in the case of login failure, and `usr.login` and `usr.id` in the case of login success. If some metadata is missing, go to [Step 1.5: Manually instrumenting your services](#step-15-manually-instrumenting-your-services).
```

The attackers are likely using a small number of IPs. To block them, open the signal and use Next Steps. You can set the duration of blocking. 

> Datadog recommend **12h**, which is enough for the attack to stop and avoid blocking legitimate users when, after the attack, those IPs get recycled to legitimate users. Datadog does not recommend permanent blocking.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Datadog recommends **12h**, which is enough for the attack to stop and avoid blocking legitimate users when, after the attack, those IPs get recycled to legitimate users. Datadog does not recommend permanent blocking.  
```
